Improve vLLM backend documentation (#22)
triton-inference-server/vllm_backend: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD3-lightgrey.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

**LATEST RELEASE: You are currently on the main branch which tracks
under-development progress towards the next release. The current release branch

> is [r23.10](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/r23.10)

Reviewer: so, we are keeping hard-coded value for the latest release?

Author: See the explanation above. I am open for other suggestions.

> version [2.39.0](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/r23.10)

Reviewer: Is it possible to refer to Triton's latest release page? Otherwise, we would have to update this every month, which can be easily forgotten

Author: I would update the release instructions to update this message here. We have the instructions for the server repo already. Including the specific release branch would be useful for the audience to access the instructions in a reliable fashion.

> **LATEST RELEASE: You are currently on the main branch which tracks
> under-development progress towards the next release. The current release is
> version [2.39.0](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/r23.10)
> and corresponds to the 23.10 container release on
> [NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC)](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver).**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**LATEST RELEASE: You are currently on the main branch which tracks
under-development progress towards the next release. The latest release
version corresponds to the [latest release](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/releases) of Triton Inference Server and to the latest container published on
[NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC)](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver/tags).**

```

Reviewer: something like this

Author: We should point to  the specific release branch on vLLM backend which would ensure that the instructions from the README.md works. There has been a lot of confusion in following the steps from the main branch. I will fix the link name just in case.

repo. If you don't find your answer there you can ask questions on the
main Triton [issues page](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/issues).

## Installing the vLLM Backend

There are several ways to install and deploy the vLLM backend.

### Option 1. Use the Pre-Built Docker Container.

Pull a `tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3` container with vLLM backend from the
[NGC](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver)
registry. \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton that you want to use. Please note,

> that Triton's vLLM container was first published in 23.10 release, so any prior

Reviewer 2: I would get rid of the subordinate clause (`, so any prior verson will not work.`). It is redundant and can be unclear for future Triton versions.

version will not work.

```

> docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:23.10-vllm-python-py3

Reviewer: docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3

> docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:23.10-vllm-python-py3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3
```

You can tweak this behavior using fields like gpu_memory_utilization and other settings in
[model.json](samples/model_repository/vllm_model/1/model.json).

### Launching Triton Inference Server

> Once you have the model repository setup, it is time to launch the triton server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have the model repository set up, it is time to launch the Triton server.
```

We will use the [pre-built Triton container with vLLM backend](#option-1-use-the-pre-built-docker-container) from
[NGC](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver) in this example.

```

> docker run --gpus all -it --net=host --rm -p 8001:8001 --shm-size=1G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3 tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --gpus all -it --net=host --rm -p 8001:8001 --shm-size=1G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3 tritonserver --model-repository ./model_repository
```

$ curl -X POST localhost:8000/v2/models/vllm_model/generate -d '{"text_input": "What is Triton Inference Server?", "parameters": {"stream": false, "temperature": 0}}'
```

Upon success, you should see a response from the server like this one:
```
{"model_name":"vllm_model","model_version":"1","text_output":"What is Triton Inference Server?\n\nTriton Inference Server is a server that is used by many"}
```

In the [samples](samples) folder, you can also find a sample client,
[client.py](samples/client.py) which uses Triton's
[asyncio gRPC client library](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client#python-asyncio-support-beta-1)
to run inference on Triton.

### Running the Latest vLLM Version

To see the version of vLLM in the container, see the
[version_map](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/85487a1e15438ccb9592b58e308a3f78724fa483/build.py#L83)
in [build.py](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/build.py)
for the Triton version you are using.

> If you would like to use a specific vLLM commit or the latest version of vLLM, you

Reviewer 2: I think this is no longer necessary.
To get the latest vLLM, you can do: `pip install git+https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm.git`
To get a specific vLLM commit, you can do something like: `pip install git+https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm.git@7d761fe3c12e87df37383467c43c97dec2bb8470`
